index.md, before:

---
title: mariadb
type: docs
---

[![Source Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-source%20code-blue?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/owncloud-ansible/mariadb) [![Build Status](https://drone.owncloud.com/api/badges/owncloud-ansible/mariadb/status.svg)](https://drone.owncloud.com/owncloud-ansible/mariadb) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/owncloud-ansible/mariadb)](https://github.com/owncloud-ansible/mariadb/blob/main/LICENSE)

Role to setup MariaDB server.

<!--more-->

- [Default Variables](#default-variables)
  - [mariadb_apt_cache_update](#mariadb_apt_cache_update)
  - [mariadb_bind_address](#mariadb_bind_address)
  - [mariadb_config_file](#mariadb_config_file)
  - [mariadb_config_include_dir](#mariadb_config_include_dir)
  - [mariadb_config_include_files](#mariadb_config_include_files)
  - [mariadb_databases](#mariadb_databases)
  - [mariadb_datadir](#mariadb_datadir)
  - [mariadb_enabled_on_startup](#mariadb_enabled_on_startup)
  - [mariadb_environment_isolation](#mariadb_environment_isolation)
  - [mariadb_event_scheduler_state](#mariadb_event_scheduler_state)
  - [mariadb_group_concat_max_len](#mariadb_group_concat_max_len)
  - [mariadb_innodb_buffer_pool_size](#mariadb_innodb_buffer_pool_size)
  - [mariadb_innodb_file_format](#mariadb_innodb_file_format)
  - [mariadb_innodb_file_per_table](#mariadb_innodb_file_per_table)
  - [mariadb_innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit](#mariadb_innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit)
  - [mariadb_innodb_flush_method](#mariadb_innodb_flush_method)
  - [mariadb_innodb_io_capacity](#mariadb_innodb_io_capacity)
  - [mariadb_innodb_large_prefix](#mariadb_innodb_large_prefix)
  - [mariadb_innodb_lock_wait_timeout](#mariadb_innodb_lock_wait_timeout)
  - [mariadb_innodb_log_buffer_size](#mariadb_innodb_log_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_innodb_log_file_size](#mariadb_innodb_log_file_size)
  - [mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads](#mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads)
  - [mariadb_innodb_write_io_threads](#mariadb_innodb_write_io_threads)
  - [mariadb_join_buffer_size](#mariadb_join_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_key_buffer_size](#mariadb_key_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_log_error](#mariadb_log_error)
  - [mariadb_log_file_group](#mariadb_log_file_group)
  - [mariadb_lower_case_table_names](#mariadb_lower_case_table_names)
  - [mariadb_max_allowed_packet](#mariadb_max_allowed_packet)
  - [mariadb_max_connections](#mariadb_max_connections)
  - [mariadb_max_heap_table_size](#mariadb_max_heap_table_size)
  - [mariadb_myisam_sort_buffer_size](#mariadb_myisam_sort_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_mysqldump_max_allowed_packet](#mariadb_mysqldump_max_allowed_packet)
  - [mariadb_overwrite_global_mycnf](#mariadb_overwrite_global_mycnf)
  - [mariadb_packages](#mariadb_packages)
  - [mariadb_packages_extra](#mariadb_packages_extra)
  - [mariadb_pid_file](#mariadb_pid_file)
  - [mariadb_port](#mariadb_port)
  - [mariadb_query_cache_limit](#mariadb_query_cache_limit)
  - [mariadb_query_cache_size](#mariadb_query_cache_size)
  - [mariadb_query_cache_type](#mariadb_query_cache_type)
  - [mariadb_read_buffer_size](#mariadb_read_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_read_rnd_buffer_size](#mariadb_read_rnd_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_root_password](#mariadb_root_password)
  - [mariadb_skip_name_resolve](#mariadb_skip_name_resolve)
  - [mariadb_socket](#mariadb_socket)
  - [mariadb_sort_buffer_size](#mariadb_sort_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_sql_mode](#mariadb_sql_mode)
  - [mariadb_sync_binlog](#mariadb_sync_binlog)
  - [mariadb_table_open_cache](#mariadb_table_open_cache)
  - [mariadb_thread_cache_size](#mariadb_thread_cache_size)
  - [mariadb_tmp_table_size](#mariadb_tmp_table_size)
  - [mariadb_transaction_isolation_level](#mariadb_transaction_isolation_level)
  - [mariadb_users](#mariadb_users)
  - [mariadb_wait_timeout](#mariadb_wait_timeout)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)

---

## Default Variables

### mariadb_apt_cache_update

Automatically update apt cache on package installations. This setting will only applied on apt-based operating systems e.g. Ubuntu.

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_apt_cache_update: false
```

### mariadb_bind_address

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_bind_address: 127.0.0.0
```

### mariadb_config_file

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_config_file: /etc/mysql/mariadb.cnf
```

### mariadb_config_include_dir

Include dir for custom MariaDB config files. The default value depends on the operatig system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_config_include_dir: /etc/mysql/conf.d
```

### mariadb_config_include_files

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_config_include_files: []
```

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_config_include_files:
  - src: path/relative/to/playbook/file.cnf
  - src: path/relative/to/playbook/anotherfile.cnf
    force: yes
```

### mariadb_databases

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_databases:
  - name: owncloud
    collation: utf8mb4_bin
    encoding: utf8mb4
```

### mariadb_datadir

MariaDB data directory to use. Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_datadir: /var/lib/mysql
```

### mariadb_enabled_on_startup

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_enabled_on_startup: true
```

### mariadb_environment_isolation

On RedHat/CentOS 7 based systems, Software Collections are used to install a more up-to-date version of MariaDB. By default, Software Collection packages will be installed completely isolated from the default system package environment to avoid conflicts. In order to use the Software Collections packages, users need to do "few things" differently than with normal RPMs. For example, they need to use 'scl enable' call, which changes environment variables like `PATH` or `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`, so that binaries under alternative path are found. Users also need to use different names for systemd services. Or, some scripts might use full paths for the binaries, like /usr/bin/mysql.

If only one MariaDB version is installed on this system, the isolation can be disabled. `mariadb_environment_isolation` allow users to choose, whether they prefer isolation or usage simplicity.

On systems not based on RedHat/CentOS 7 this option has no effect and will be ignored.

### mariadb_event_scheduler_state

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_event_scheduler_state: OFF
```

### mariadb_group_concat_max_len

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_group_concat_max_len: '1024'
```

### mariadb_innodb_buffer_pool_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_buffer_pool_size: 256M
```

### mariadb_innodb_file_format

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_file_format: _unset_
```

### mariadb_innodb_file_per_table

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_file_per_table: ON
```

### mariadb_innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit: '1'
```

### mariadb_innodb_flush_method

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_flush_method: O_DIRECT
```

### mariadb_innodb_io_capacity

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_io_capacity: 200
```

### mariadb_innodb_large_prefix

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_large_prefix: _unset_
```

### mariadb_innodb_lock_wait_timeout

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_lock_wait_timeout: '50'
```

### mariadb_innodb_log_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_log_buffer_size: 8M
```

### mariadb_innodb_log_file_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_log_file_size: 128M
```

### mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads: 4
```

### mariadb_innodb_write_io_threads

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_write_io_threads: '{{ mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads }}'
```

### mariadb_join_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_join_buffer_size: '262144'
```

### mariadb_key_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_key_buffer_size: 256M
```

### mariadb_log_error

Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_log_error: /var/log/mysql/error.log
```

### mariadb_log_file_group

Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_log_file_group: adm
```

### mariadb_lower_case_table_names

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_lower_case_table_names: '0'
```

### mariadb_max_allowed_packet

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_max_allowed_packet: 64M
```

### mariadb_max_connections

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_max_connections: '151'
```

### mariadb_max_heap_table_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_max_heap_table_size: 16M
```

### mariadb_myisam_sort_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_myisam_sort_buffer_size: 64M
```

### mariadb_mysqldump_max_allowed_packet

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_mysqldump_max_allowed_packet: 64M
```

### mariadb_overwrite_global_mycnf

Whether my.cnf should be updated on every run.

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_overwrite_global_mycnf: true
```

### mariadb_packages

Define a custom list of packages to install. Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_packages:
  - mariadb
  - mariadb-server
  - MySQL-python
```

### mariadb_packages_extra

List of extra packages to install e.g. a set of custom dependencies.

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_packages_extra: []
```

### mariadb_pid_file

Path to MariaDB PID file. Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_pid_file: /var/run/mysqld/mysqld.pid
```

### mariadb_port

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_port: '3306'
```

### mariadb_query_cache_limit

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_query_cache_limit: 1M
```

### mariadb_query_cache_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_query_cache_size: 16M
```

### mariadb_query_cache_type

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_query_cache_type: '0'
```

### mariadb_read_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_read_buffer_size: 1M
```

### mariadb_read_rnd_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_read_rnd_buffer_size: 4M
```

### mariadb_root_password

Password for the default MariaDB root user. For security reasons you should change it to some secure in production use!

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_root_password: root
```

### mariadb_skip_name_resolve

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_skip_name_resolve: false
```

### mariadb_socket

Path to MariaDB unix socket. Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_socket: /var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock
```

### mariadb_sort_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_sort_buffer_size: 1M
```

### mariadb_sql_mode

MariaDB supports several different modes. You can pass a list of options to to suit your needs.

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_sql_mode: []
```

### mariadb_sync_binlog

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_sync_binlog: 1
```

### mariadb_table_open_cache

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_table_open_cache: '256'
```

### mariadb_thread_cache_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_thread_cache_size: '8'
```

### mariadb_tmp_table_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_tmp_table_size: 16M
```

### mariadb_transaction_isolation_level

Set transaction isolation level. Possible values: `READ-UNCOMMITTED|READ-COMMITTED|REPEATABLE-READ|SERIALIZABLE`

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_transaction_isolation_level: READ-COMMITTED
```

### mariadb_users

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_users:
  - name: owncloud
    host: localhost
    password: owncloud
    priv: owncloud.*:ALL
```

### mariadb_wait_timeout

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_wait_timeout: '28800'
```



## Dependencies

None.

Commit message:

commit 1300927785887d402bbfee1b8ba4071484362c71 Author: Dennis Sieben <102977884+d7oc@users.noreply.github.com> Date:   Mon Jan 9 16:44:51 2023 +0100
    [feat] add optional configuration for `server_id` (#29)

index.md, after:

---
title: mariadb
type: docs
---

[![Source Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-source%20code-blue?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/owncloud-ansible/mariadb) [![Build Status](https://drone.owncloud.com/api/badges/owncloud-ansible/mariadb/status.svg)](https://drone.owncloud.com/owncloud-ansible/mariadb) [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/owncloud-ansible/mariadb)](https://github.com/owncloud-ansible/mariadb/blob/main/LICENSE)

Role to setup MariaDB server.

<!--more-->

- [Default Variables](#default-variables)
  - [mariadb_apt_cache_update](#mariadb_apt_cache_update)
  - [mariadb_bind_address](#mariadb_bind_address)
  - [mariadb_config_file](#mariadb_config_file)
  - [mariadb_config_include_dir](#mariadb_config_include_dir)
  - [mariadb_config_include_files](#mariadb_config_include_files)
  - [mariadb_databases](#mariadb_databases)
  - [mariadb_datadir](#mariadb_datadir)
  - [mariadb_enabled_on_startup](#mariadb_enabled_on_startup)
  - [mariadb_environment_isolation](#mariadb_environment_isolation)
  - [mariadb_event_scheduler_state](#mariadb_event_scheduler_state)
  - [mariadb_group_concat_max_len](#mariadb_group_concat_max_len)
  - [mariadb_innodb_buffer_pool_size](#mariadb_innodb_buffer_pool_size)
  - [mariadb_innodb_file_format](#mariadb_innodb_file_format)
  - [mariadb_innodb_file_per_table](#mariadb_innodb_file_per_table)
  - [mariadb_innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit](#mariadb_innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit)
  - [mariadb_innodb_flush_method](#mariadb_innodb_flush_method)
  - [mariadb_innodb_io_capacity](#mariadb_innodb_io_capacity)
  - [mariadb_innodb_large_prefix](#mariadb_innodb_large_prefix)
  - [mariadb_innodb_lock_wait_timeout](#mariadb_innodb_lock_wait_timeout)
  - [mariadb_innodb_log_buffer_size](#mariadb_innodb_log_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_innodb_log_file_size](#mariadb_innodb_log_file_size)
  - [mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads](#mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads)
  - [mariadb_innodb_write_io_threads](#mariadb_innodb_write_io_threads)
  - [mariadb_join_buffer_size](#mariadb_join_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_key_buffer_size](#mariadb_key_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_log_error](#mariadb_log_error)
  - [mariadb_log_file_group](#mariadb_log_file_group)
  - [mariadb_lower_case_table_names](#mariadb_lower_case_table_names)
  - [mariadb_max_allowed_packet](#mariadb_max_allowed_packet)
  - [mariadb_max_connections](#mariadb_max_connections)
  - [mariadb_max_heap_table_size](#mariadb_max_heap_table_size)
  - [mariadb_myisam_sort_buffer_size](#mariadb_myisam_sort_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_mysqldump_max_allowed_packet](#mariadb_mysqldump_max_allowed_packet)
  - [mariadb_overwrite_global_mycnf](#mariadb_overwrite_global_mycnf)
  - [mariadb_packages](#mariadb_packages)
  - [mariadb_packages_extra](#mariadb_packages_extra)
  - [mariadb_pid_file](#mariadb_pid_file)
  - [mariadb_port](#mariadb_port)
  - [mariadb_query_cache_limit](#mariadb_query_cache_limit)
  - [mariadb_query_cache_size](#mariadb_query_cache_size)
  - [mariadb_query_cache_type](#mariadb_query_cache_type)
  - [mariadb_read_buffer_size](#mariadb_read_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_read_rnd_buffer_size](#mariadb_read_rnd_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_root_password](#mariadb_root_password)
  - [mariadb_server_id](#mariadb_server_id)
  - [mariadb_skip_name_resolve](#mariadb_skip_name_resolve)
  - [mariadb_socket](#mariadb_socket)
  - [mariadb_sort_buffer_size](#mariadb_sort_buffer_size)
  - [mariadb_sql_mode](#mariadb_sql_mode)
  - [mariadb_sync_binlog](#mariadb_sync_binlog)
  - [mariadb_table_open_cache](#mariadb_table_open_cache)
  - [mariadb_thread_cache_size](#mariadb_thread_cache_size)
  - [mariadb_tmp_table_size](#mariadb_tmp_table_size)
  - [mariadb_transaction_isolation_level](#mariadb_transaction_isolation_level)
  - [mariadb_users](#mariadb_users)
  - [mariadb_wait_timeout](#mariadb_wait_timeout)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)

---

## Default Variables

### mariadb_apt_cache_update

Automatically update apt cache on package installations. This setting will only applied on apt-based operating systems e.g. Ubuntu.

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_apt_cache_update: false
```

### mariadb_bind_address

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_bind_address: 127.0.0.0
```

### mariadb_config_file

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_config_file: /etc/mysql/mariadb.cnf
```

### mariadb_config_include_dir

Include dir for custom MariaDB config files. The default value depends on the operatig system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_config_include_dir: /etc/mysql/conf.d
```

### mariadb_config_include_files

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_config_include_files: []
```

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_config_include_files:
  - src: path/relative/to/playbook/file.cnf
  - src: path/relative/to/playbook/anotherfile.cnf
    force: yes
```

### mariadb_databases

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_databases:
  - name: owncloud
    collation: utf8mb4_bin
    encoding: utf8mb4
```

### mariadb_datadir

MariaDB data directory to use. Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_datadir: /var/lib/mysql
```

### mariadb_enabled_on_startup

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_enabled_on_startup: true
```

### mariadb_environment_isolation

On RedHat/CentOS 7 based systems, Software Collections are used to install a more up-to-date version of MariaDB. By default, Software Collection packages will be installed completely isolated from the default system package environment to avoid conflicts. In order to use the Software Collections packages, users need to do "few things" differently than with normal RPMs. For example, they need to use 'scl enable' call, which changes environment variables like `PATH` or `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`, so that binaries under alternative path are found. Users also need to use different names for systemd services. Or, some scripts might use full paths for the binaries, like /usr/bin/mysql.

If only one MariaDB version is installed on this system, the isolation can be disabled. `mariadb_environment_isolation` allow users to choose, whether they prefer isolation or usage simplicity.

On systems not based on RedHat/CentOS 7 this option has no effect and will be ignored.

### mariadb_event_scheduler_state

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_event_scheduler_state: OFF
```

### mariadb_group_concat_max_len

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_group_concat_max_len: '1024'
```

### mariadb_innodb_buffer_pool_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_buffer_pool_size: 256M
```

### mariadb_innodb_file_format

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_file_format: _unset_
```

### mariadb_innodb_file_per_table

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_file_per_table: ON
```

### mariadb_innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit: '1'
```

### mariadb_innodb_flush_method

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_flush_method: O_DIRECT
```

### mariadb_innodb_io_capacity

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_io_capacity: 200
```

### mariadb_innodb_large_prefix

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_large_prefix: _unset_
```

### mariadb_innodb_lock_wait_timeout

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_lock_wait_timeout: '50'
```

### mariadb_innodb_log_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_log_buffer_size: 8M
```

### mariadb_innodb_log_file_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_log_file_size: 128M
```

### mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads: 4
```

### mariadb_innodb_write_io_threads

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_innodb_write_io_threads: '{{ mariadb_innodb_read_io_threads }}'
```

### mariadb_join_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_join_buffer_size: '262144'
```

### mariadb_key_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_key_buffer_size: 256M
```

### mariadb_log_error

Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_log_error: /var/log/mysql/error.log
```

### mariadb_log_file_group

Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_log_file_group: adm
```

### mariadb_lower_case_table_names

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_lower_case_table_names: '0'
```

### mariadb_max_allowed_packet

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_max_allowed_packet: 64M
```

### mariadb_max_connections

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_max_connections: '151'
```

### mariadb_max_heap_table_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_max_heap_table_size: 16M
```

### mariadb_myisam_sort_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_myisam_sort_buffer_size: 64M
```

### mariadb_mysqldump_max_allowed_packet

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_mysqldump_max_allowed_packet: 64M
```

### mariadb_overwrite_global_mycnf

Whether my.cnf should be updated on every run.

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_overwrite_global_mycnf: true
```

### mariadb_packages

Define a custom list of packages to install. Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_packages:
  - mariadb
  - mariadb-server
  - MySQL-python
```

### mariadb_packages_extra

List of extra packages to install e.g. a set of custom dependencies.

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_packages_extra: []
```

### mariadb_pid_file

Path to MariaDB PID file. Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_pid_file: /var/run/mysqld/mysqld.pid
```

### mariadb_port

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_port: '3306'
```

### mariadb_query_cache_limit

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_query_cache_limit: 1M
```

### mariadb_query_cache_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_query_cache_size: 16M
```

### mariadb_query_cache_type

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_query_cache_type: '0'
```

### mariadb_read_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_read_buffer_size: 1M
```

### mariadb_read_rnd_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_read_rnd_buffer_size: 4M
```

### mariadb_root_password

Password for the default MariaDB root user. For security reasons you should change it to some secure in production use!

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_root_password: root
```

### mariadb_server_id

The `server_id` uniquely identifies the server instance in the community of replication partners, see [documentation](https://mariadb.com/docs/server/ref/mdb/system-variables/server_id/).

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_server_id: _unset_
```

### mariadb_skip_name_resolve

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_skip_name_resolve: false
```

### mariadb_socket

Path to MariaDB unix socket. Default value depends on your operating system.

#### Example usage

```YAML
mariadb_socket: /var/run/mysqld/mysqld.sock
```

### mariadb_sort_buffer_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_sort_buffer_size: 1M
```

### mariadb_sql_mode

MariaDB supports several different modes. You can pass a list of options to to suit your needs.

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_sql_mode: []
```

### mariadb_sync_binlog

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_sync_binlog: 1
```

### mariadb_table_open_cache

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_table_open_cache: '256'
```

### mariadb_thread_cache_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_thread_cache_size: '8'
```

### mariadb_tmp_table_size

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_tmp_table_size: 16M
```

### mariadb_transaction_isolation_level

Set transaction isolation level. Possible values: `READ-UNCOMMITTED|READ-COMMITTED|REPEATABLE-READ|SERIALIZABLE`

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_transaction_isolation_level: READ-COMMITTED
```

### mariadb_users

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_users:
  - name: owncloud
    host: localhost
    password: owncloud
    priv: owncloud.*:ALL
```

### mariadb_wait_timeout

#### Default value

```YAML
mariadb_wait_timeout: '28800'
```



## Dependencies

None.
